Additional notes on running WAL in production (#2487)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/production/ingesters-with-wal.md

3. And flush all the chunks.

This job is to be run for all the PVCs linked to the ingesters that you missed hitting the shutdown endpoint as a first option.

## Additional notes

> * If you have lots of ingestion with the WAL replay taking a longer time, you can try reducing the checkpoint duration to `10-15m`. This would require slightly higher disk bandwidth for writes (still less in absolute terms), but it will reduce the WAL replay time overall.

Reviewer: > reducing the checkpoint duration

I would mention the CLI flag to do it. Also I would keep it simple a give a value to set (not a range), so I would pick either `10m` or `15m`.

Author: I will mention a specific value. And about CLI flag, I will add that too. As the flags were mentioned at the start of the doc, I felt it was not necessary.

### Non-Kubernetes or baremetal deployments

* When the ingester restarts for any reason (upgrade, crash, etc), it should be able to attach to the same volume in order to recover back the WAL and tokens.

>     * If it fails to attach to the same volume for any reason, use the flusher as described above to flush that data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If it fails to attach to the same volume for any reason, use the [flusher](#scale-down) to flush that data.
```
